Michael Herring
Based on the project board it seems like we made pretty steady progress except for maybe a bit of a slow start. We used pull requests for our code which we plan to continue using for the rest of the project. Our biggest issue was that a lot of code got approved which had mistakes or was incomplete. Starting next sprint we plan to have a requirement that all pull requests come with a test to prove that the code in them works. We do have a little bit of extra work from this sprint to do for the rest of the project, but it is mostly done.

Gabriel DiFiore
Overall I'm satisfied with how Sprint2 turned out, I take a good share of responsibility for the slow start, because I ended up solo-ing Link and the LinkStateMachine (a lot of work). While I'm very happy with the code I ended up producing, I felt like I initially rushed functionality to allow other parts to start development. As a group we need to do a better job of meticulously reviewing code, communicating issues found, and testing code before we merge it. We have a little work to catch up on, so hopefully Sprint3 goes well based on our start and learning experiences so far.

Zhengui Hu
The biggest issue in the sprint 2 for me is I am not familiar with commands and I need to take some time to learn it (although it turns out it is pretty simple). I am sorry to all of you if my slow work is causing trouble to you (crying emoji). Another issues in my mind is mentioned by (Michael Herring). I strongly agree that everyone should have a test in their PR to prove their code works properly. It will not take many time and will make us more efficient!

MenQi Lei
For Sprint2 I worked on classes related to items. I was not able to make my code functional to meet the functionality check in since I have been waiting for feedback for each of the little improvement I made to my code, rather than finishing up and push the final code to GitHub. This is a result of my lack of communication with teammates, and improving this will be my main goal in future Sprints. Overall the refactoring process went well and I was able to have major improvements on readability of code. The team also worked very well to have a great start for all the Sprints to come.

Matthew Curie
Over the course of the sprint, our team made steady progress once we assigned all work. Starting off seemed a little daunting since there seemed to be so much to do, but once we assigned all tasks, and divided up issues into smaller issues, it became more manageable. Overall, I think our team excelled initially at the process of assigning tasks, splitting work, and then trusting the process of creating pull requests rather than just merging work into main. We could as a team do better of reaching out to each other when we need help, or to our TA and professor as well. We also have identified that testing work is a necessary step in approving pull requests, rather than looking at the code in GitHub and thinking it is ok, just because there is work done. Personally, I could do better at both of these things. I need to realize going forward when I need help, rather than just trying to struggle through issues. I think that identifying these issues, identifying our own personal shortcomings, and working to resolve them will ensure our team is successful and efficient in future sprints.
